I like the unique design and i think it's fit to my teyga magnet clean/dirty. what is the size of the cat tree house? 
Can i buy just the extension piece? I have this tree already but would like it to be taller to look out the window. 
Do cats scratch and break the perch? 
can i switch the baskets? put the rounder bigger one on top?? 
Are the baskets interchangeable? 
Does the short post for the bastket screw on? If so, could I replace the shorter post with a longer sisal scratching post? 
Can I buy just the round basket to screw on? 
Is the plush material peachy-pink, or more neutral-beige in color? 
Can you take off and/or wash the cushions? 
Since the baskets extend beyond the dimensions of the base, what are the dimensions of the larger cat bed when taking 2 beds into account? 
Do the cats actually use this for sharpening their claws? Or do they mostly use it for sleeping/playing? 
Is it for large cAts 
Is the carpet glued or stapled on? 
Could this be put together on first floor then carried up to the 2nd floor 
What are the dimensions of the base board? 
Will someone please post a copy of the instructions, it was left out of mg box. 
What is the weight limit? My cat is 14#. 
I am missing 3 of the double sided screws. Can't find this company's info anywhere online to request the screws. Anyone know how to contact this compa 
Will this fit in a 20” space between a bed and the wall? 
Would this work for a 27lb Maine coon cat? 
My 3 year old is missing a back leg. My current tree has a level almost directly over a level. He can't navigate that. Is this the same? 
I have a 6lb cat and a 12lb kitten (he’s 1 year old and huge) Will this work for both of them? 
I am missing 3 of the double sided screws. Can't find this company's info anywhere online to request the screws. Anyone know how to contact them? 
I just received my box today but I am missing instructions. Can anyone post a copy? 
Mine is missing instruction manual. Can someone please post? 
Does it come with any cat toys? 
Could someone please tell me the length and width of the base/bottom? I am trying to fit it in a specific place. 
How long is the top platform? I have a large cat and worried it might not be big enough. 
Can you get replacement posts? 
Is this American Made? 
Can this be set up on covered back porch? 
Does the paper rope hold up to heavy scratching use? Does it shred or fall apart? 
Do you sell replacement toys? 
It says the material is fleece but doesn't look like it. How well does this material hold up 
Silly question, but what is the height from the floor to the bottom of the U? 
How much weight can it support at once? I may or may not have a fattichubs who likes to sit on others to get his way. 
Is this cat tree already assembled? Thank you! 
Is this cat activity tree stable for large cat? 
I like the design. What is the height of the cat tree house from the floor? 
Is the floor of top lounger solid? Also, is this cat activity tree stable? 
How big the the inside of the mushroom house? 
What is the height and width of the brush? 
the size of top shelf ? 
What are the dimensions of the front "hole"? 
How tall are the posts? 
How to clean faux fur cat tree? 
I live in an apartment that is mostly carpeted. Is it still stable if placed on carpet? 
I have the a5201 20"(l)x20"(w)x52"(h). how do i make it less wobbly? i don't think she could jump on it as it is. 
What are the dimensions of the topmost platform? 
On the model a5201, can i attach two condo houses(one above the other)? doing some improvising for my two cats 
What is the toy hanging from the tree? 
Size of cubby hole? 
How soft is the faux fur? I bought my cat a super, super soft faux fur blanket and she won't touch it! 
Hi everyone! The item title says "beige", but the product description says its green, ?? image looks like sisal posts,but not stated in description 
Do you offer free return? 
im worried it be too small for my cat, he is 10, he a bit longer than a usual cat, is 50-60 inches is big enough for an adult? thatslike 4-5 ft right? 
Is the top platform real stable? I've had a similar condo before and the top on that one was very wobbly and eventually started leaning 
Some photos for the Armarkat B5301 53-Inch Cat Tree, Ivory have the ramp and some don't and are built slightly different - are there 2 options? 
where can I buy replacement balls? 
I'm searching everywhere for a way to keep my cat's food up high enough in the mudroom, away from our dogs. Will this work? 
For model B5301 53" with the ramp, at what height from the floor are the first level with the house and then the next level up (2nd perch from top)? 
Where can I order another platform with the ridge around it for the cat tree I purchased? 
What are the demensions of the base? 
my cat likes to rip off and eat the faux fur. Is that safe to consume? Also how do I deter that behavior without scaring the cat off the tower? 
Why does the white one look pink? Is it pink? 
What weight cats is this unit appropriate for? 
How many inches from the first/floor platform to the second platform? I would like to put it at my 23" high window sill where his cat door is. 
are the products USA made? 
So my cat wants nothing to do with this thing. He's got no interest. Tips? 
What is the flower dimensions? 
What is the diameter of the pole? 
Where is it made? 
How tall is it? 
Is this big enought for a cat wide 14 inches...long 21 inches? 
What is the flower size? 
Is this tall enough for a cat to stretch out while scratching? 
how do you make the flower lay flat? So the cat can sit on it? 
how do i make the flower lay flat? I can't unscrew the slanted base under the flower? does anyone know which direction is u screws? 
Will this work for adult cats? I have 2 cats about 13lbs and 20lbs. 
These posts and catpet are easily damaged？ 
when the cat jumps up, the cat tower remain stable? 
What tools do i need to assemble the cat activity tree? 
How tall is this? 
will it tip over with fat cat? will it be sturdy enough without attaching to a wall? 
Lost the assembly manual, is there an electronic version available? 
How wide is this both ways? 
I lost the instructions during our move. Can anyone tell me how to put it together please 
Will a big 22 lb. Cat fit on the various levels of this tree? 
How tall is it? 
How do you clean this cat tree? There is so much cat hair from my 2 cats and I need to know how to clean it. 
Can this cat tree be assembled, disassembled and assembled again easily? 
The wall securement strap is too short. I need another 2 inches. Suggestions? 
Is there a bigger replacement piece for the top tower? 
Description says there is a litter space, but no reviews mention it. Does it have an area for litter, and, if so, where? 
Is the cubby large enough to fit an 11# average build tabby and his food dish? 
Is the wood stained or varnished? Or can I stain it and varnish it to match our decor? 
What are the poles material? it says the boards are solid pine but says nothing about the poles material. poles important for stability. 
Do you sell the parts for this model? 
We just received our order, up there are no instructions. Can we please get the assembly directions? 
How tall is this product 
What is the size of this cat tree house ? i want to install this to my teyga magnet clean/dirty to educate my kids. 
Why can't I return this? Amazon tells me there is an error when I click on "return item" 
Can no get the toys in the top to go in the little holes 
How tall is this? 
Has anyone replaced the poorly made parts with the us-made feline design columns, or did you just purchase another cheap cat tree? 
what sizes are the perches and the house? 
How tall is the middle perch from the floor? 
What are the dimensions of the posts? 
Are there step by step assembly instructions on this page? 
How high is it to the 3rd tier platform and how high to the lower bed? 
When modified to bring the top perch down, what is the overall height? 
does it come with an anchor to secure to wall for tipping purpose? 
I lost some of the screws! Where can I buy some? So sad! 
does this really take 12 to 13 weeks to get ? Im confused it says prime 4 to 5 days but when u click it says usually ships in 12 to 13 weeks. 
Can i get replacement posts? mine are losing their rope 
Diameter of the bed areas? 
How long will it last? 
Does it come with the cats? I'm not really sure if i can feed two more animals. 
What is the diameter of the poles? 
Is the rectangular condo big enough for an adult cat? 
How wide and long is the top, middle and bottom perches? 
How Tall is it when it is put together? 
How tall is this tree? 
If I put a 50lb bag of sand at the base you think that will prevent it from falling? 
I ordered my cat tree a month ago, and my ups delivery driver refused to deliver it to me. It was mailed back to the sender. How do i get a refund?? 
How tall is the Palamos cat tree? 
Which are the packaging measures? Thank you 
where can I get directions on how to assemble a Trixie Palamos scratching post 
what are the dimensions? 
dimensions for top tower level? 
What is the maximum weight this will hold? I have big cats. 
My ceiling is 90.6". will this cat tower work for me? 
Can this cat tree be assembled without the perches in the middle? I want my cat to be able to climb straight up. 
At what heights are the platforms? 
Where can i buy replacement balls? My cat loves this but he destroys the balls fast. 
What’s the ceiling stopper disc measure? 
Do i need to drill 
Do I need to drill holes in ceiling? Is the tension rod secure ? 
Are there 5 tiers? There are only 3 tiers pictured. 4 tiers if you count the floor. 
What is the height of the top platform? 
Is it possible to buy additional parts to extend it and make my tower taller? all i would need is one h or g piece because my ceiling is too tall 
What kind of wood is this cat tree made of? 
Will the wood board have a peculiar smell? 
Is it easy to assemble? 
Can it be washed with water? 
Can we get cushions or pads for this cat tree? 
Does it come with an instruction manual? 
Why is the top sleeper post not in the mddle? 
what are the dimensions of the sleeping rounds? 
Does this come put together? 
Where is the scratching post on this? 
Why is the beige more expensive than the brown? 
The picture shows all carpet but the description says unoiled sisal. Is the post sisal or carpet? Thank you 
Can the platform of this cat tree hold multiple cats? 
Can I purchase accessories separately? 
Could you tell me the size of the top perch? 
What material is the blanket covering the cat tree? 
Will the cat tower basket fit an adult cat of 18 lbs? 
Is the wood board material used to make the cat tree strong? 
Can the cat tower offer the function for scratching? 
Does it need to be assembled? 
How can this cat tree be cleaned? 
Is this cat tree suitable for large cats? 
Can the cat hanging basket be moved to the right side of the cat tower? 
What is the size information of each part of the cat tree tower? 
Does it come with the hanging toys 
Hi! What is the height of the second shelf from the top? I need a ledge that's the height of the windows on a standard garage door. Thanks! 
can the cats get from one platform to the next one up easily? 
what are the scratching posts covered with? 
Where is it manufactured? 
Older consumer. Is it difficult to assemble and how long? Have 3 cats. Two fairly lg. males and small female. Fun for all? 
I have a large cat and I am wondering if he will be able to get into the house area .... How big is the opening? 
I would like to get this so my cat would play with it while I'm at work. Would I need to worry about him getting his paw stuck in the string? 
Does this come in cream or brown? 
How do i get replacent pieces? 
Is there a warranty? 
How well has it held up for your cat(s) and how long have they had it? 
How can you sell this with the 2 top platforms not in the box? 
Does this come with instructions and tool? 
What’s the best way to clean it from urine 
Would a 15lbs cat fit? 
Would a litter box fit on the bottom piece? 
How hard is it to assemble? 
Does this come in beige or brown? 
What exactly has to be Attached to a wall? 
I would like the bottom of the platforms/condos to fully carpeted so I don't see the carpet edge underneath. Are they, or can you see the boards? 
Is this item assembled? 
Are the houses on this tree big enough for a medium to large size cat? 
On the A7101 what are the dimensions (including the opening) of the open barrel/cylinder/tunnel? 
Can it be used outdoors? 
Which Is thicker faux fur or faux fleece 
Has anyone found a good way to remove stains on this cat tree? 
How dark is the color? The description says it is beige but it looks more goldenrod, which I don't care for. Thanks. 
My one cat is 22 pounds...will this be okay for him? 
Is this sturdy enough for a rather large cat? 22lbs? Would the top tiers fit him? 
Do the dimensions - 50x26x74 - apply to the base or to the fullest part of the tree? I'm interested to hear about sturdiness and stability. 
We are looking for a tree with a safer and roomy platform to platform climbing for two less agile 18 pound cats. What is the safest tree for this? 
Could this be made to sit in a corner against both walls? I'm unsure if the top platforms or side basket would prevent this. 
How high is the first shelf that the cat has to jump on in order to get onto the tree? 
where is this product made? 
How tall is this cat tree in inches like 72" or more 
How wide is this at its widest point? 
Missing some parts can i get them sent to me? 
cave size? 
Can I get a replacement pouch? 
What are the dimensions of the cat beds? 
Are the bed covers removable and washable ? 
Would it work well for a 16lb and a 14lb cat? 
How do I contact the seller? The instructions are missing. 
photos in reviews don't match the photos of the product (in gray) provided, so which is it? 
What is the total height? And what are the heights from step to step? 
Can this be returned at a Petco store? 
Could a senior cat without front claws get to the top? 
Any specific instructions for washing the cat bed? 
Is this made with real carpet or faux fur? 
How tall is this product (to the bed part of the top pet bed)? 
Will the condo hold my 19 lb maine coon, especially at the top, without tipping? What's the distance between the second step and the first level? 
Could a chubby cat fit comfortably on the top level? 
The photo for the gray cat tree shows a beige cat tree. Is there a correct photo of the gray cat tree? 
what is the height of third step from the floor? 
What is the distance from the floor to the large middle platform? Thanks! 
Does this work like a tension rod? Or do the measurements/parts need to be exact? 
Are the poles solid inside? Or empty? 
Will this fit 10 foot ceiling? 
Can i cut one of the pole section? I am about 5 inches long. My ceiling is only 92 inches in height. 
I need to substitute one pole.. is there anyway i can buy a replacement? 
How easy is it to do the soy sisal rope? 
Does this product come with a warranty? 
Can you make it higher than 112" by adding more pieces? (My ceiling's really high!) 
I a trying to figure out how to contact company for replacement part 
Does this have a ball sticking up on a spring for the cat to play with? Didn't see on the tan model but looks like there is on the black? 
What is the maximum weight this will hold? I have big cats. 
How big are the platforms? 
How wide is the opening to the cat tower cave? Dose the condo plush is washable? 
Will it hold a 20 pound cat? 
I have a large female cat,will this size small cat condo work for her too? 
Can the mouse toy on the cat tree be replaced? 
what kind of screws does it need? 
What size is the top bed? 
Has this remained sturdy for those who have purchased? Do you still consider it a good item? Thank you for any help. 
Does your cat actually use the "massage arc"? 
Was there a noticeable odor when you first received this item? Thank you in advance for any help. 
Hello. Has anyone found this to be wobbly? Thank you 🙏🏼 in advance. 
I don't see the dimensions of three-level elevated cat tree condo with massage & particle board; can someone provide? 
Is the cat perch bed removable/machine washable? 
Are people using a rug underneath it as shown? 
Is it possible to replace the posts or do I need to purchase the rope and do it myself? Our cats have destroyed 3 of the posts 
Can I buy a larger bed for the top? My cat is long and seems to have a hard time getting cozy atop his perch 
Would this be ideal for a 17 pound cat? 
Is it paper rope for scratching post or a true fiber sisal? 
What are the pads made of? (my cat loves this tree so much she won't use the other ones lol. I think its the texture of the pads she likes) 
can you mount with the stairs going down either to the left or right? 
Can I put this on a chair? 
Are there larger sizes anywhere? 
How is this installed? How do I know if it will work on my cat tree? 
How do you go about replacing the sisal fiber after it worn out? I hate to buy a whole new item..when that is the only part worn out. Thanks. 
how is it?Does it work well? 
Description states the color is natural, but the picture is green. What color did you receive and does it fall down when large cats jump down from it? 
What are the dimensions? Height & diameter? 
The top of page says dimensions 30x18x18. The description says 10x6.5x18. Which is it? 
What are the platform measurements in diameter? 
Is the middle floor a half is shelf or is each hole a separate apartment? 
Is this cat tree 18.8 inches high? 
What is the diameter of this cat condo? 
Does it have carpet on the under side? 
Does it come assembled? 
I'm confused. Looks like carpet, but the description indicates sisal also. Can anyone confirm where the sisal is? My cats don't respond to sisal! 
Is there a hole leading into the box from the top? Thanks 
how many studs is required to install this product? 
How do you remove the fabric for washing? 
Screw comes through the bottom of the enclosure. it is going to be too sharp for my kitten. if i screwed in less it’s not stable. what to do ? 
Where is this product made? 
Is it already assembled? 
My wife ordered this and we just got it yesterday, i do not have enough W8 screws to finish it as enough were not supplied, yet I got over 30 W3? 
Can you attach another basket to this if so does it screw on or slide over post? 
How tall is it? 
I have 2 cats and the both weigh 18 lbs. I want to know if it’s made for large cats. Are the beds/platforms big enough and is it sturdy enough? 
How long is the platform? It is the platform below the perches and hanging ball toys? 
What is the max width of this product (from farthest point to farthest point, left to right)? 
Size of base board? 
Can you attach the basket to the other side? 
What's dimension of this cat tree house ? i want to see if it will fit in my teyga cat tree house clean/dirty sign 
What material is on the scratch board? 
Can it be put together without the scratch board? 
What is the weight limit for the side bed/hammock? 
How much does it weigh? 
How tall is this and what is the max weight for an individual cat to use this and max weight for two cats using it please? 
Is this recommended for kittens or full-grown cats? 
What are the dimensions of the top platform/bed? 
How wide? 
What kind of package does it ship in? 
How tall is this? 
What are the diameters of the 2 highest rest areas? 
Is the total height 50” or 66” ? 
What is the size of the perches 
What is the dimensions on the two top perches 
Where is this product manufactured? 
What size drywall screws did folks use? 
Does this work for large cats? 20lbs? 
How do i get assembly instructions? there was nothing in the box regarding assembly, so where are the "extended assembly instructions"? 
My product did not come with any screws or instructions. How do I mount in what screws do I need to use 
Putting together the hammock. Am I really supposed to be drilling 8 holes into the board to attach the hardware? This can't be right. 
Has anyone found additonal steps? I need a few more and want them to match everything else. 
I’m missing a screw for one of the steps - how can I get one sent to me??? 
Why does the condo have 4 holes if it comes only with two compatible screws? 
The back wall to the hammock completely disintegrated on one end. Can I purchase just that piece? It's been over a year. 
What is the weight capacity? I own this but cant seem to find the max weight. 
What is the weight capacity? 
What wall studs does this need? 
Would his work for a 6 pound bunny who doesn't have full jumping capabilities? 
does this contain catnip or anything other then wood and feece 
Is this covered in carpet or fleece? 
How far apart are the two steps, and how high is the first step off the ground? (I have a kitten with mobility issues.) 
What do you consider a small cat?? 
The second level does not have a predrilled hole to add the scratch post. Any suggestions? 
The one pictured has different measurements than the one that would be shipped it's not the size in the picture it's too big. What is the measurement? 
Does the cat tree come with the cat pictured? 
How tall is the standard option size? 
How tall is this? 
Does the cat tree come with a free cat? 
On dual post, what is the height of each of the platforms? 
Would this be tall enough to keep dog out of cat food? 
can I get extra of the cat toys that come with this? 
On the "duel post" style tree are the poles wrapped scratching posts? They dont appear to be in pic but description says "jute fiber scratching posts" 
How big are the platforms on this unit? My cats are pretty big. Thanks. 
Does it come assembled? 
Can i get a replacement of the hardware? i moved and the bag contained all the screws and bolts was lost. thanks! cat really enjoys it. 
Would this be good for cats that weigh more than 10 pounds? Easy to assemble? I'm not the most mechanically inclined :) 
My male cat is long & weighs 12 lbs; will he fit & be comfortable; Lulu female is smaller so I think she'd be ok 
We are adopting a large breed cat, Ragamuffin,they get to be 15 - 20 pounds. Would this be large enough for a cat that size? 
What is the difference between armarkat cat tree b7701 and b7801? 
Do the perch have a borders from all sides ? 
Any owner have a small dog that is a good jumper? I'm hoping to giv my cats a place to feel safe from the energetic dog. :) 
Are the base dimensions really 24 x 20 on the 32"(L)X27"(W)X78"(H) model? Where do the dimensions spread out to 32 x 27 - at the very top? Thx!! 
Is there any metal on the bottom of the base? 
Can you remove the fabric pieces to wash it? 
Is this tree pre-assembled? 
How to attach posts to the bottom of this? 
What is the dimension of the round platform at the top? 
Can the hammock be cleaned? 
Is this cat tree comfortable enough? 
What is the height of this cat tree? 
Where does the extra pillow go? On the highest tower? 
How tall is the cylinder piece? 
Is this really light grey? It look ivory 
What is the height of the top chair 
Is it stable on carpet? 
Can anyone give me the link to the base cat tree ? The cat forest climbing tree. I cannot find it anywhere . 
How do we contact the seller? Is there a website? 
The description says the clear hammock only holds 5 kg, or 11 pounds. Is that really the limit? Do the shelves hold a heavy cat? 
What are the dimensions of the oval platforms? Can a 13lb cat fit comfortably? 
Can the 100.4 inch tree be lowered to fit a 96inch ceiling? 
My alcove ceiling is only 80 inches...what size should I buy? Thanks! 
Is one of the 5 posts supposed to be longer than the others? 
how big are the platforms? 
Is the wood finished or unfinished? Could you stain it a different color? 
Is it possible to make the pole without the platforms in between? 
How many transparent spaceship hammock it comes with? 
Were can I purchase a replacement basket? 
Is this about 5 feet tall? 
How tall is the cube and what is the length from front to back? I'm putting this between a toilet and bathtub. Thanks! 
Could one of the hammocks be attached on the front instead of the side? I know it can be put together with just one, but its too wide. Thanks 
What is the height 
Hi, what is the height from the bottom to the top of the two side hammocks? 
I have been shopping cat trees for weeks. These 11.8 x 15.7 platforms are so unusually small. Are they really that small? Typo? 
Anyone know manufacturer's contact info? Any way to get replacement basket(s)? 
What is the. Total width all the way across including to the ends of the baskets? 
I ♡ the color it's really compatible with my teyga magnet clean and dirty sign which is made of bamboo. what type of materials did you use? 
what is the size of the perch/lounger? and is the basket 18 in ? thanks 
Are there supposed to be holes drilled through the base of the tree for support posts P5? They go inside the condo to hold it up. 
More colors? 
How does this smell? 
How stable is it? 
Where can I get replacement legs? I emailed an address in another answer but its been a week with no reply. I just need the front left leg. 
Can this be used outdoors? 
Very cute design and it's better with teyga magnet clean and dirty sign which is made of bamboo. what is the size of this cat tree house ? 
How do I connect the hanging rope? 
It seems too difficult to assemble the cat tree, especially the Condo, is that true? 
Hello there. Could you please update me where is my order?? 
When can we expect the replacement unit? 
Does these dimensions: 58 x 18.9 x 18.9 inches include the ladder? 
Can you please tell me the size of the shipping box? 
What is the overall dimension of this cat tree tower? 
How big is the hole in the hatch I have a large cat will he be able to go through it? 
Will this handle a large maine coon? 
How do you remove cloth for cleaning? 
Will these damage the walls of my apartment? (Security deposit) 
Are you able to mount it facing the other direction? 
Is the hammock strong enough to hold a 19 lb cat? 
How can I get replacement suction cups? Do the cups have a guarantee? 
How does it arrive in what packaging? 
Does this come with a Wall anchor? 
Do you have to put the nest on? Can you leave it off and is the post completely carpet 
How do I attach the bed to the posts? The bed goes into the screws just fine but I don’t see any area to tighten it. 
What is the weight limit for the kitten basket? 
What’s the weight limit for cats 
The very top of the tree doesn’t screw on. Is it supposed to hook to a wall? 
Im getting a kitten soon, i was wondering would this be fine for it when its a kitten and a full grown cat? 
I can’t get past step 4 and can’t find a video on YouTube for this specific model. Help! 
Can’t figure out step eight 
Which country is this made in? 
What is the weight range? 
What are the dimensions of the house part? 
Will two cats fit inside? 
Where is this manufactured? 
Is the drop down pouch removable? 
Do you have a bigger size than this? My cat is big. 18lbs and ling. He like to stretxh when sleeping. 
How tall is it 
can the bedding be machine washed? 
What are the inside dimensions of the top area? ( Previous answers vary). 
Is the cubby house part solid or is it the flimsy material with the 4 poles holding it up on the inside? 
Mine did not come with any of the screws to assemble it. What do I do now? 
Does it come woth screws? Mine didnt so now i cant put it together 
Need some clarification here. some said the bottom cubby is 22", someone else said it was 11" which is it? and the top platform? is that truly 17"? 
I purchased this one several years ago (my cat loves it), but he has shreaded the lower post. Can I purchase just a replacement post? 
Which picture is the actual product? 
Where is there a cat bed on this image? it cannot be on top and how wide is the top piece, please? 
what are the dimensions of the little house at the bottom? 
How tall is it from the bottom, to the first platform, and from that platform to the top? 
How big is the package it is delivered in? 
what is the height of this? 
How tall is this cat tree? 
Does it measure 19.7in with the platform sticking out? 
Would a food & water bowl fit in the lower hiding space? 
Bought a returned tree from amazon.com llc & am missing 2 of the parts. heybrother request is not accepted. how can i get missing pieces? 
I bought this item already can i buy replacement pieces? My cats destroyed the rope and carpet on two legs 
Would it be good for a 20 lb 25 inch long Siberian Forest cat? 
Is the condo a solid piece of cardboard or is it the pull over carpet type? 
What is the size of the perch? 
Can i buy replacement parts ? 
Who can I contact to get a bed replacement for my tree? I ordered less than 5 months ago and one of the beds ripped and most of the stuffing fell out. 
Are the houses on this solid or the flimsy pop-up kind with posts inside? 
I want a tower for a spot where I cannot attach it to a wall. Should I look for a different tower? 
Can anyone speak to how it has held up over time? Months? Year+? 
What is the real height. I keep seeing different ones 
How far apart in inches are the steps? 
What are the interior dimensions of the condo? My cat is a long 11 lb and likes a lot of space to curl up in. 
What are the dimensions of the top bed? 
Where is this manufactured? 
what is the height after assembly? 
Upon receipt, did the product smell very strongly of something strange? My whole living room smells bad from this condo and no reviews mention this is 
What assembly is required? Are the holes all pre-drilled? 
Are replacement scratching posts available for this product? 
How do you get the top to stay on? 
Is the basket 18 inches or 12 inches ? 
Does this look as zen as i want it to be? is it sturdy. i love that every way has a way out. i have two cats and thats a necessity. 
Does anyone know why there is paper inside of the tube? Has anybody tried to get it out? I'm torn between just sending it back and cutting out the pap 
What are the dimensions of the hammock on the baza grande senior? I have a very chibby cat (about 22#) and want to make sure its large enough for him. 
Is there a padded cushion in the bottom of the cubbie that is removable for cleaning? 
Assembly directions 
What are the dimensions? 
My cat is 12 lbs, and 17 " long, will she be able to fit in the cubby hole and curl up in it? 
Can someone please tell me how to get the hammock to stay on the top? 
Does anyone know the dimensions of the hole? Personality differences aside, do full sized, medium-large cats fit in it and utilize it frequently? 
Is this more like carpet or felt 
Does it come assembted ? 
Received this and its missing the screws any way to get them sent out? 
Is the color blue or purple? The pictures look purple on my screen but I'm seeing a lot of references to blue/navy/indigo. 
I received my order today and the ship wheel has 2 handles cracked and one completely broken. How can I get a replacement? 
We are missing two parts (l & m). we just opened our product and discovered the missing parts. we love the product, but just need the missing parts. 
is this made in china? 
Are you able to provide a replacement part (the little wheel)? It arrived broken... 
What is the weight limit? I have big adult cats 
Are you just supposed to tie the ramp on or what? 
Any instructions or assembling guides inside? 
What is the height of the condo? 
Where can I buy replacement parts? Parts like the scratch post? 
Will this be good for a lazy full grown cat? 
How many feet tall is this cat tree? 
What are the dimensions of the square opening? 
Is there any way to replace the ball attachment? Or recommendation to fix/reattach it? 
How big of a cat will this handle? 
It's woobaly and unstable is there a way to secure it? 
How long for payment to process 
what's the height of the condo? 
My cat tipped it over the first day of use. Is there any way to secure it so this can’t happen again? 
Does this product come with a warranty? 
Mine didn’t come with installation instructions. Where can I get them at? 
What materials is this made from? 
Did come with directions, where can i get them? 
Is this product suitable for pets? Is the quality good? 
Is this thing really 4ft long? 
How long is the bridge itself (not counting the shelves?) 
Do I need a studfinder? 
Would this be able to be placed outside? 
Is it possible to hang on bended wall? 
What is the weight limit for the steps? My cat is 14 lbs so I want to make sure they will be sturdy enough for him. 
is this 28 or 29 inches at the highest point? Both are given. Thanks. 
Is the tunnel removable? 
Hello my order didn’t contain a free gift can I get one sent ? 
Can the mid platforms be left out when putting it together? I need a post for my iguana, not cats, and she won’t need the middle platforms. 
can you tell me the measurements of the top perch?? thanks 
I need a video to it together please. Im half way done 
Is there a video on step by step to this particular one?? 
What is the diameter of the tunnel? 
What is the measurement of the base? 
Where is this made? 
Is there a way to make this more sturdy? 
Can anyone tell me if they own more than one of these and how long they have had them/ it? 
How big are the condos? 
Please what are the heights of the top two viewing areas so I know if more than one cat can look out the window? 
Where is it manufactured? 
how to clean this ? 
Could the cradle go ip top...basically switch top bed and bottom cradle around??? TY! 
How long does delivery take since product is made in China? 
Could anyone tell me how to stick part d into part b? There isn’t a hole on part b so I can’t combine these two part together 
Can any one tell me if i can or where i can get another rope. The rope on my cat tree is no longer alive 
Is there catnip in this? 
How far is the lowest platform from the floor? 
Is this pre assembled? 
What is the diameter of the posts? 
What are the dimensions? 
What is the interior of the pole made out of? What is the weight limit for cats on it? 
Can this be used on a vaulted ceiling? 
Are the perches good size for an older, larger cat, or is this more for kittens? 
How do you make it easier for your cat? I read somewhere that it has 3 difficulty levels but I dont know how to change it. 
Can this help a cat lose weight? My cat is overweight and I know she needs to lose weight. I don't free feed but she doesn't excercise. 
My cats are not adapting to using it, is it best to just put the food in and let them work it out? I've tried showing them how to get the treats out? 
Is the green section all one unit; or does each layer lock together? 
How can i encourage a overweight bored-eater to use this? he was previously dumped and is now very nervous if his bowl is ever empty but ignores this 
Has anyone tried this with a large Maine Coon? He's 23 pounds and likes to knock things over (including the bin with his kibble!) 
I have a cat with short arms, munchkin. Can he use this? 
I know this is made for a cat but is their any bunny people here who thinks this would work for holding their hay?? 
Could it withstand a very tubby cat lying across it for a nap? I have steangw cats. 
What size are the holes? I find that slow feeders are often too small for my polydactyl cat to get his oversized paws in. 
My cat is missing claws on her front paws. Would she be able to scoop out treat? 
Would this be able to withstand a very tubby tabby, or could he just knock it over? 
I did not receive any screws, instructions or tools. Isn't that supposed to be included? 
what is the maximum length of the straps? my doors are 92 inches tall. if too tall, is it possible to get strap extenders? 
Can the cats take naps on it? 
How wide are the top and bottom hooks? The door I would hang it on is a bit thick, so I worry the hooks will be too narrow. 
How do cats get to the top cube? I don't see anything for them to climb on 
How does this fold relative to it's position on the door? Do the 2 compartments fold vertically up? 
Am I able to hang this on the side of a 44” high playpen by pulling the straps tighter? 
Does it come with brackets? 
Do you think cutting a hole at the top would ruin the structural integrity? 
Is the bottom cube sturdy enough for a 10 lbs cat to sit on top of it (not in it)? 
Is it possible to put a litter box in the bottom shelf? 
How small is this product when taken apart? Could it fit in a suitcase? 
Has anyone tried with larger cat? My big boy is 27lbs... ? 
Will this be able to hold my 2 very chonky girls? One is 16 pounds and the other one is 14 pounds? 
Can it be used outside ? 
Can the perches and condos hold large full grown cats? 
Will this cat tree for large cats be difficult to put together? I'm not good at handwork. 
Is this cat tree stable at the bottom? It looks quite high. 
Does it come with all the tools necessory to assemble it ? 
How many cats can this cat tower hold? I have three kittens. 
can you buy the pieces seperately? 
My cat weights 24 lb, will this hold him? He jumps from the floor to his 6 foot tower and the force has cause him to break 2 cat towers so far. 
For $621, are you also shipped magic wish-granting cats?!? 
2 of the wall planks does not come apart to insert the fabric. The anchor female screw just spins when i tried to take off the male screw. Fix? 
Will this mount securely to metal studs and or drywall only? 
My apartment has a modern minimalist construction, mainly white/grey/black. would onyx/charcoal match? any pictures? thanks 
Will this hold up well outside? I want to install it in a central courtyard. 
Can these shelves be installed onto concrete walls? 
Does the chestnut/natural set in nclude everything in the picture including the planters?? 
How big of a cat will this structure hold? One of my cats weight 21 pounds. 
Does this come with everything in the picture (apart from the plants)? 
I don't see any brackets. How does it mount to the wall? 
What is the diameter of the top part? 
How hard is it to put together? 
Is this good for scratching or is one covered in carpet better than the faux fur? 
its weight ? thank you 
Does anyone know if you can order new posts for this?? 
My cat only has 3 legs. She doesn't have any trouble getting around, but I'm wondering if she can get into the cubby hole. Anyone have any idea? 
Can I order replacement parts? 
is this supposed to be sturdy? I put it together and it wobbles a bit. I have to put it up against the wall so it's solid when my 3 month kitten jumps 
is it good for big cats? 
My Cat is about 11lb and wondering is this would be too small for her. Many reviews have different comments. Any opinions? thanks 
How sturdy is the fabric if your cats scratch at it? 
Is it easy for older cats to jump onto hammock and further up from there? 
What's the weight limit? 
Is there a weight limit? My Calico weighs 22lbs 
Do you have Condos for big cats? 
Is this cat tower easy to ckean? 
Is this cat tower easy to clean? 
Is there a round opening on both sides? My cats love that feature 
faction guarantee: If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. You can also ask for help in this list in the "Customer Questions and Answers" section below. 
Is this set from the latest generation of products (3rd generation)? 
Are the holes big enough for Maine Coons at full size? 
What happens after the scratching posts fray away? 
can this set be mounted linearly on a longer run over space or must it be mounte dthe way it is shown? 
Hammock was missing can i get a replacement without having to dissambled? 
Is assembly easy? 
That looks so small for big cat 
How tall is this in feet? 
Is there any way to by replacement parts? 
Does anyone know the size of the top platforms? 
Does the fabric cover both the top and bottom of the middle platform piece? I want to flip it to have the pillar on the right side, not the left. 
Can I leave the condo off? 
Is this good for large cats 
What is the height between the tallest platform and 2nd-tallest platform? I'm trying to determine if cat's auto feeder would fit or if its too tall. 
Is the cat pole weatherproof? 
Without the traditional carpeting on this tree, is it hard for cats to climb? 
what are the measurements of the little house? Need to know if my adult cats will fit. 
Can I change the top spot to a bed? Is it possible to buy a bed (cushion around) and replace the top pad? 
If this is outside will rain and water ruin wood? 
How do you contact the seller? 
I'm ordering this as a surprise gift - does the box it's shipped in show any hint to the cat tree inside the box? 
Does this come with 3 boxes? 
Can the orientation be reversed so that the top perch is on the left? 
Can you replace the sisal rope scratch post when they get worn 
Can the little box/house be assembled without the white cat-head plastic opening? Like could I assemble this whole thing and leave the house open? 
What are the dimensions of the top bed? 
My parents purchased this cat tree but have lost the assembly instructions. Can I get a copy somewhere? 
Can the basket be moved to a higher spot? 
What size cat is this for? 
Made in USA? 
How much food does the bowl hold? 
how tall is it and cat weight limit? 
Is this pre made or we should install it? 
I ordered a cat tree a month ago, where is it? Not a hsppy first time customer. 
how tall is the tree? 
How do you install the toy at the top of the scratching post? The toy's flat end doesn't mate with the post's round hole. 
Trying to determine the size/diameter of the largest hole. I have adult cats but they are on the smaller side (under 10 lbs). 
What is the country of origin ? 
can I purchase the scratching post separately? 
I have a large 20 pound cat, would he be able to curl up and sleep inside this? 
does the back open as tunnel affect? 
Did anyone get scratches on the wall? I want to put it between the wall and a bedside table, but I'm worried about scratches on the rental walls 
Does the black carpet come off and go everywhere? :) 
Is this just for kittens? 
Are there holes on all three sides of the triangle? 
Trying to figure out your dimentions. Is the triangle 18"x18"x26" and the height of the 'condo' 9" and the scratching pole 27"? 
I am just needing something for my adult cats to use for an additional scratching post. Does the scratch post hold up? 
Where can i get the screws and hardware? 
Do these need to be attached to a stud? Or can they go anywhere on the wall? Thanks! 
How wide is the fabric? Like from the wall? 
Canvas arrived without wood brackets… are they usually shipped separately? 
Is this just for the one shelf or a set of shelves? 
How much weight can these hold? I have some pretty beefy kitties, one is 17 pounds. With proper mounting will these hold my fat cats? 
Are these simple to mount on whatever wall? 
When will this restock? 
Where does this ship from? 
Is the condo a solid piece of cardboard or that pull over thin carpet? 
How far from the unit does the ramp stick out? 
Can the poles be rewrapped with sisal and hot glue or something over the fabric? 
Is the cushion in the bed removable? If not, is it easy to clean? 
Would this tip over easily with a 22lb cat? 
Are there replacement scratching posts? 
How tall is the highest part of the tree? 
I have 2 cats a 16 pound and 19 pound would this be ok forthem? 
Is this wood or cardboard posts? 
Where can I get a copy of the instructions? Mine did not come with any. 
Is the fabric washable? 
Is it solid wood? 
What are the dimensions of the bottom platform insode the support pillars? Could a small litterbox fot there? 
Are replacement posts available to replace the worn-out ones? I'm having a hard time locating a cat tower that offers replacement parts. 
What’s the width around 40-48 inches from the ground? I only have one place to put this and I have a shelf there that would make it a tight fit. 
Can you remove the perch fabric and wash? 
Is there 2 openings on each condo 
Is this good for fat cats? Like 20 lbs? 
What is weight limit for perches? 
Are the perch removable for cleaning? 
Are you happy you chose this tree. Does your cats use all the levels. Is it sturdy. 
I see upper condo is 15.7 x 11.8 inches. What is the lower condo size? 
Is it easy for a cat to reach all platforms? A review said her cat couldn’t get up high that it’s not made ride. Please advise. 
what is the dimention of the purches? Thank you. 
Is the hammock removable for washing? 
Is the smell of the pine wood strong? 
What are the dimensions of the small platform next to the house? 
How much weight and abuse will the Hammock the? I have several large cat 15-22lbs and they are not graceful! 
69 or 54” height?? It says differently in the heading versus the description, unless they recently updated/changed the cat tree? 
Is the lining of the house removable? 
What is the country of origin. Is the wood treated with anything? 
Is there a video on how to our this together.? The directions are awful and hard to follow 
I just received this and it came broken. How can i get a replacement scratch post and screws? 
My tower didn’t come with any screws how can i get some sent to me 
Regardng the $42.99 grey with 1 basket: Does your adult cat have difficulty getting from the second level to the top perch? 
How much taller is the top platform from the hammock? 
Anyone have directions? Mine came with no directons! 
What’s the weight limit on thing? it says for large cats but i’m not sure a flame point siamese or maine coon won’t tip this over 
The bottom post was being clawed at by my cats and ended up breaking the support for the top half of the tower. Are there replacement pieces? 
Is this purple? 
I need decent instructions. Does anyone have written ones?? 
Does this ship from China? I ordered and tracking has been super wonky 
How tall is this? The answers seem to vary by a few feet. 
How tall is the medium size from floor to top? 
Where can I get replacement scratching posts for these? I need the dimensions of the actual posts holding up the platform for the 21.46" platform 
How tall is this cat scratcher? 
When the platform will be available again? 
What are the inside measurements of the top oval perch for the amazonbasics cat tree with platform...? 
What are the measurements for the bed and also for the cradle on the “Platform” style cat tree? 
Does this really work ? 
Would you recommend this for cats with a little extra "love" (larger cats)? 
what is the height of the scratch pad? 
Would it fit a big cat 
Toxic wood? 
What is the size of the large one? 
What are the dimensions of the medium and large? 
Could this cat tower be used outdoors? 
Are you able to order this without the cat face cut out on 2 of the shelves? I am looking for 4 solid shelves. 
Can you stack 2 of these on top of each other to gain more height? (Looking for a vaulted ceiling solution with more height as our cat loves to climb) 
What are the measurements of platform? 
How large are the holes? One of my cats is a little portly and I want to make sure they’d fit through. 
What is the strong smell coming from the ropes? I see you say oil and chemical free I thought it might have been just the smell from the wood but it's 
Does this have to screw into studs? 
Can the wood be stained a darker color, or is it sealed where that wouldn't work? 
How is the rope secured to the wood? 
How does this smell? Is there chemical smell? 
The description states soild wood, is it true? 
How long does it take to assemble? Is assembly simple or difficult? 
Does this come with paper instructions? 
How tall is the cat perch? 
Anyone else have trouble putting this together ? everything is like crooked and i’m getting very annoyed . starting with a&b . who engineered this?!? 
Where is this made? 
The listing says “free shipping” but nothing about “free returns”. If it needed to be returned, am I to assume the buyer would need to pay for it? 
where can I get an online assembly manual? 
My cats are almost 20 pounds. Is this going to be wide enough? 
The seller says they're "not sure" where this is manufactured? they lie. as seller & shipper, shouldn't sweet paws know its from china? 
what are the size of the screws? 
How much does this cat tree weigh? 
How can the seller be "not sure" where this is manufactured? That's very dishonest. Please provide info, customers deserve to know the truth. 
Is there replacement padding for the perches available? 
Is this chemical free? Does it have an odor at all? 
Can I order a replacement on just the hammock? 
What size is the top platform 
Is it big enough for a 17 pound cat? 
Very cute design and it's better with teyga magnet clean and dirty sign which is made of bamboo. what is the size of this cat tree house ? 
How do i find the video that shows how to put this cat tree together? 
Will this fit a Bombay cat 2 1/2 ft long?? 
How can I find replacement balls for this one??? In Beige. 
Can it be assembled differently or it can only be assembled like the picture? 
How wide is the tunnel? 
Dimensions of the unicorn? 
Are there replacement parts available? My cat has already ripped the ball off the end of the giraffe's tail 
what is the diameter of the "body" of the zebra? thanks 
When will my items be shipped 
Is this the same unicorn cat tree that sells on here for 10$ cheaper? 
What are the dimensions??? 
How do I get a bolt for the head - only 4 bolts were provided and it’s needs 5 (like instructions show)? 
The product is great but it came with a "gift" QR code that doesn't work? 
Does anyone have pics? 
Can I buy replacement legs for the bottom of the unicorn without purchasing a whole new unit? 
does this require any tools to assemble? 
Hi! How tall is the ramp portion? 
What is the diameter of the posts? 
Will this cat tower be hard to put together? I'm not good at handwork. 
How do I get a replacement screw for one that is missing? 
I have a 12lb and still growing maincoon kitten, so need to know how much weight can this withstand? 
What are the heights of the various platforms from the floor? We need a taller cat tree than the one we have so the dog will leave the cat food alone 
Is there catnip on it? 
is the little rope thing on the second highest level removable? 
My cat likes to scratch carpet and carpet-like material... a lot. Would this fabric hold up? 
Does anyone know the dimensions between each tier? 
i i put this tree on a carpet, will it be stable enough? I see all the pictures where cat tree stands on a hard floor or tile floor. 
What is the size of the package it is shipped in? 
What kind of tool do you use to tighten the screws that hold the posts on. It looks like a allen wrench but it convex. 
Can the condo box and/or tube be left off (not installed) without leaving any uncovered (bare) spots on the platforms? 
I have a very large cat whose 15lbs+ does anyone know how large the platforms are? 
How high is the lowest platform from the ground? I have an older cat that can't jump very high. My younger cats would love the higher ones! 
Are the posts made of sisal rope? 
I need to know exactly which replacement pads i need to get. i have this item and need new plush pads. which ones do i need to purchase? 
How tall is the entire structure? 
My cat is 15 lbs, would she fit in this? 
Does this stool come with the 2 mats that are shown in the photo? 
Can I purchase a Replacement Matt for the top and the bottom sections? 
Can anyone recommend where I can find a replacement for the sisal pole? Or what the model number of the replacement part is? 
Can’t find replacement post for this product. Has anyone else? 
What are the dimensions of the base (bottom)? 
what are the dimensions for the top? 
Is there a way to know if the MDF is formaldehyde-free? 
Can I purchase a replacement scratching post? 
Dimensions for cube opening? 
do anyone's kitties ever actually use the ladder? 
Can I return this? 
What's the box size that it arrives in? 
Do the cubbies come pre-assembled? 
How can I get a screw? One was missing from my box. 
Would this be good for a 9 pound and a 15 pound cat? 
My box was missing one of the "A" screws. Any ideas how I can get one more? 
How do I buy replacement parts ? My cats loves the scratching post and they need to be replaced 
On the gray one, does the sisal go all the way around, except for where the holes for the beds are? Or is the sisal just a small strip on one side? 
How does one assemble this? What hardware is required? 
to Trixie: I want to buy just the removable top pad for the 15.75 x 15.75 x 29 inches model. How can I do that? 
Can you swivel / move each tier of this tower? Thanks! 
Does this come in one piece or is assembly required? 
We purchased this and it arrived today - but the screw provided doesn't actually screw into the top so it won't stay on? :( 
The picture shows a middle passthrough between the lower and middle compartments. Is there a passthrough between the top an middle compartments? 
Is this 2 sided? One picture shows inside, but maybe that’s just for you to see inside? 
How tall is the tower when the "top platform with removable bed" is removed? What is the material on top of the tower without the bed? 
What is this product made of? Carpet? 
How stable is the light gray/gray tower? 
Will this work for a 16 lb Maine Coon? 
Can this be made for 22in between studs? 
I have cement walls can I mount this with tapcons? 
this beats a traditional cat tree anyday. can an apt dweller with dry wall use this? 
What is the maximum weight are these able to hold? I have pretty large cats. 
What size is the platform with the hole? Worried about all my cats getting in there and falling off playing. What are the dimensions of that platform? 
My studs are 24 inches apart. But I really love this! Is there any way this can be modified/assembled to fit my walls?? 
Can declawed cats use this system? (Cat is a rescue who lives to climb) 
Can additional fabric be purchased? 
What is the maximum cat weight can this take? 
what material is the fabric made out of? 
Our cat is 16 lbs, will it be sturdy enough for him? And will he fit through the holes? 
Does anyone know if they make large hammock for cats up to 20 lbs 
does it come with the mountable post seen in the product image 
What color is it? The description says white but the photos show beige andI know it used to be sold in a grey option too... 
Do they make these for large cats? 
How is it attached? Is it universal? 
How is this installed? 
How does it attach? With a string like toeing a shoelace or with Velcro or what? 
Would it be possible to attach this to the wall (not on a post, just screwed into the wall)? 
Is the loop adjustable? How can I tell if it will fit my cat tree's post? 
How is this washed 
are boxes actual boxes? or just material wrapped around it to look like a box? Saw a review saying it was just material. I want an actual box. 
Is sisal natural (not chemically treated)? 
Are there instructions? My box is missing the tool and instructions 
Bewishome cat tree smokey gray- is this color closer to charcoal or light gray or blue. ? hard to tell in pics. 
Also, why are so many people missing screws or boxes? that concerns me. I have several saved, but I want good quality & prefer to not be missing parts 
Is this tree good for 1 30lbs cat? 
mine was missing screws where can i find more my local stores dont have the ones i need ? 
Are the perches large enough for a 16 lb Maine coon cat? 
Can I get this made in beige? 
Can you please tell me how many inches the top 3 perches are? 
What are the measurements of the base? 
I just received mine and when I was putting it together I noticed that the fabric on the smaller house is ripped. Is there anyway to get it replaced? 
Where is this made? 
How big is the base 
I have a medium sized 16 year old cat. How tall is the bottom box off the ground? Will my elderly kitty be able to get in the tower easily? 
how tall is it in inches, please? 
How sturdy is it? my kitties are quite chunky and rambunctious. 
How big are the perches 
How big are the houses 
weight restictions? My cat is 15 pounds. 
1) What is the height of the first platform (the one directly above the condo) from floor level?; 2) What are the dimensions of the condo? 
What are the dimensions for the top perch? 
How tall is it from the bottom, to the first platform, and from that platform to the top? 
Do you sell the top portion seperately? We already have this but my cat likes it so much she's scratched off the rope stuff around the top part. 
over all size of this product 
what is the product structure made of? Ex:Wood, fiberboard, pressed wood? 
What are the scratching posts made of? I bought one that was cheaply made and regretted it. I know it is covered in sisal rope, but what is underneath 
Will this support a 13lb cat? 
What does it weigh ? 
What are the dimensions in inches for the highest platform? 
How big is the bed on top? 
My cat is large, probably 15 lbs. Will she fit on tge top? 
On a hardwood floor, will it tip over if my cat runs and jumps up onto the bed? 
Will this fit a 10 pound cat? or was this intended for a kitten? 
What about the weight capacity of the cat tree? Is this big enough for large cats? 
Can the round scratching post be replaced? 
Is this good for a room with slanted walls and a ~10 month old kitten? 
My cat os 26lbs..could he safely use this without it tipping over,, and eould the condos be large enough for him to fit? 
Do you have instructions or pictures? How to put it together? 
Is the floor of top lounger solid? Also, is this cat activity tree stable? 
Is the sisal pole sturdy enough for a 22 lb cat to climb? Would this tower be able for my senior fat cat to climb to the top perch easily? 
I like the design for my cats & i think my teyga clean/ dirty sign is compatible. what is the height of the cat tree house from the floor? 
What are the length, width, and height of the cubby? Can an 18 lb cat fit in the cubby? 
Could someone please show me how to attach the pom-pom? 
Whats the white strap hanging from the top for did i miss something 
Am I able to buy an additional part k? 
What are the measurements height and width in inches 
Is this sturdy and not wobbling? The multiplatform style. 
how tall is this unit? 
How big is the house (enclosure)? I have a rather "well fed" (large fat) cat. The one he currently has is 19" x 12" x 12". 
Product not delivered 
very important to know exact height.Conflicting info.Is it 63in. or 70in? 
How tall is the ‘step ladder’ condo? There is a major discrepancy btwn image showing the measurements(58”) and description in 2 locations 70.8”? 
Can someone tell me how tall this is? 
Where do i buy replacement posts? 
Are posts wood or cardboard? 
Can someone give the deminsions of the upper platform? TY 
What are the measurements of the pirches for the condo? 
Does this come preassembled or does it require assembly? 
How stable is the mid-level platform and how big of a cat can it fit? 
what is the exact size of the platforms? 
how tall is the cat tree floor-to-top when assembled? description says 25" but looking at the features I doubt they could fit all that into 25" high 
I purchased the cat tower and would like to purchase two additional post. The link provided in a previous inquiry is for the tower, where are post? 
Will a cat that is declawed in the front have trouble getting up to the top perch? 
acn I make the first level 30 inches high? 
Does this have to screw into studs? 
What's the weight capacity? I've looked at similar products, but limit was 15 pounds (my cat is 15 1/2). 
Can this stands on its own without screwing it in to the wall? 
Will my 18 lb Maine coon have trouble fitting through the holes? He's healthy and not over weight, just huge. 
Is the sisel post made of cardboard underneath the rope? 
Does the design account for the thickness of the baseboard, to allow the shelves (and anchor points) to be flush against the wall and level? 
Can I order additional platform pieces? Also, are there any baskets available that are compatible with this product? 
Did the materials smell of any chemicals upon arrival? 
What is the final hight? 
My set came without hardware and instructions. Is there any way to get them sent to me? 
Is it made with carpet or fur like covering? 
You can send this product to Brazil, POSTAL CODE 12305-810? 
The second image indicates this product is 68" tall, but the product description says 51". Which is correct? 
The dimensions say the base size is 16" x 16" but it also says the overall dimensions are 19" x 19". Any way to assemble it to keep overall size at 16 
What is the diameter of the hole in the house? 
What are the measurements of the top 2 piers? 
Is this treated with cat nip? 
Is it possible to assemble it so the highest platform is on the left, instead of on the right as pictured? 
I rescued a kitty who is declawed, will he be able to use this product just by jumping? 
Do your cats (for the most part) like to scratch on the posts of this tree? We hope the cats will prefer this to scratching on our furniture! 
Will my 8.5lb and 16lb cat be able to fit inside the hole? Is this a good tree for cats that size? They are just normal house cats. 
my cat is 12lbs do you think this would be ok ? 
Can this be used at a window with a heater in front of it? 
Do you have to build it 
How many cats can this cat tower hold? I have multiple cats. 
Where can I purchase the hardware? 
Does the company offer replacement parts for the scratching surfaces? Thanks. 
How do I re-attach the ball to the bell? My cat somehow pulled it off and I cannot figure it out. 
Can this be assembled without the hammock piece? 
Is the top cushion removable for cleaning? 
I have very limited space where i want to put this. Can someone let me know how wide this is at the widest point? (Not including the hammock) 
Can someone post a video on how to put this together? 
I like the design for my cats & i think my teyga clean/ dirty sign is compatible. what is the height of the cat tree house from the floor? 
is there a hole from the bottom cubby to get into the top cubby or are the separate/blocked off? 
What is the weight limit? Our cat is 20 lbs 🤦🏼‍♀️. 
Can the basket be left off while assembling? 
Is it possible to get a replacement basket? The kitty loves it and it broke heis very sad. 
Cat included? 
I have an older cat that has mobility issues. Would this cat tree be easy for him to get down from the top without jumping straight to the floor? 
Could a 25 pound cat fit in the bottom cubby? 
How much cat weight does it hold? 
Hi, what are the posts made from? cardboard? pvc? thanks to clarify. 
What is the diameter of the post? 
does this require drilling hole on the ceiling when I install it? thank you. 
Where it connects to the ceiling spring loaded? 
Was this product made/manufactured in America? 
People who have had this while, how does it hold up? 
Does the cubby cube come assembled? I’d like to put the opening on the “back” side so that I can flip the tower & have cubby on right instead of left 
This is good for big cats? Maine coons? 
Does this come with any screws embedded in the pole ends? 
How do you find out whether you need an M10 or M8 pole? 
How many poles are included? 
The thread coming out of our post appears to be 8mm. An 8mm gauge fits the bolt and thread perfectly. Is this what I should order? 
Does this come with an extra M10 screw as well as the extension? 
Is the sisal rope color beige? 
Is the thread on these posts 8mm? 
When will you have the longer (17.72”) M10 posts in stock? 
Can another support beam be provided for the house portion? the front collapses if another cat is on top 
The color says beige but it looks like a cream color. Is the picture the actual color? 
I like the design for my cats & i think my teyga clean/ dirty sign is compatible. what is the height of the cat tree house from the floor? 
What would be the ideal weight for the cat using this product? 
How tall is the first step off the floor? 
How can I purchase just the top part of this?My cat tore out stuffing and want new one.. 
How tall is the cat tree? 
Is this for kittens or adult cats? 
What are the dimensions of each hole please? One of my cats is a fatty lol 
How difficult is this to clean/vaccum? 
Do you have to attach the basket 
Does the material shed? Or does. eventually shed - like individual or clumps of the soft material? 
Am I able to rotate the sleeping bowl so that it comes out of the front of the cat tree rather than the side? 
How sturdy does the side basket seem? I have 10# and 14# cat 
Is there anywhere to order a replacement post (not the rope, but the post itself)? 
Does this have a chemical odor even up close? 
Can Decide not to attach the ball and the Rope? 
can the condo be moved over on the other side of the platform? 
Will the caves fit a 20 lb. Cat? 
What is the wait limit on the basket? my boy is a chunky 24lbs 
is it already assembled? 
what are the dimensions of the sleeping bowl/hammock? 
Is this work for more than 10lbs cat? 
Are the bed cushions removeable? 
Mine arrived and there are no instructions included. Does anyone have a copy they can share with me? 
Can I order replacement parts? 
Where can i purchase the mmj05g? i’ve searched here on amazon and online and can’t seem to find it. i’m hoping that amazon will be getting it soon. 
The first level is the hammock, how high is the second level? my cat is super uncoordinated and i wanna make sure he will be able to make it up. 
Does the mmj05b come in the light gray color? 
Why has my item delivery date changed. It was to be delivered 5-23-20 !!!!! 
Does this cat tree "shed?" the one i have now sheds fibers everywhere when played on. 
Could the seller please provide dimensions for the baskets and condos on this? 
There is no support for the baskets. Will a large cat "bend" it down? 
Anyone have 20 pound cat on this? 
What is the cat weight limit? 
Can they be stained? I would really like a dark brown to go with our trim, etc. 
How many come for this price? 
Is this price for just one of the hexagons? 
Any suggestions for covering some of the holes? I would like holes only on one side. 
My cat is about 15 lbs & very long. Can anyone recommend this cat tree for bigger cats? 
Is the hiding cubby so supposed to be securely attached? My j screw wouldn’t tighten. 
Is this made from particleboard or wood ? 
Does anyone know the base dimensions? 
how many inches from the floor to the enclosed area? 
What are the dimensions of each of the platforms, please? 
Do I have to put this together? 
I have a energetic three month old Bengal and two grown cats that each weigh 20 pounds. Will this be safe for them? 
How tall is each of the two platforms on the small cat tree? 
What is the size of the cubby -right in the middle? 
How many pieces are there to assemble? Is any of it partially assembled? 
Will this be able to hold my 2 very chonky girls? One is 16 pounds and the other one is 14 pounds? 
Can it be used outside ? 
Can the perches and condos hold large full grown cats? 
Will this cat tree for large cats be difficult to put together? I'm not good at handwork. 
Is this cat tree stable at the bottom? It looks quite high. 
Does it come with all the tools necessory to assemble it ? 
How many cats can this cat tower hold? I have three kittens. 
Will the hammocks hold a 20 lb cat? 
What is the number for customer service number? I have one piece that does not work. 
Are the baskets movable? Can they be turned more toward the front? I only have a small space to work with. 
What are the dimensions of the tallest perch? 
Would this cat tree be suitable for a large senior cat with arthritis? 
Are these posts over 3 inches like the other Feandra trees?? 
Does this work for fat cats? 
is this cat stand for large cats? 
Rec 56.3" fendrea, 2 small. need maine coon size. handicapped had set up box gone what do i do? 
Will the caves fit a 20 lb. cat? 
How high off the floor is the second highest perch? 
Do cats have a hard time jumping between the levels? It doesn't look like there is a lot of room to jump/land... 
Are your cats scratching on the sisal poles? 
Is the product formaldehyde free? 
Is this too big for one cat? 
Any instructions or assembling guides inside? 
Can you provide me with the dimensions of the box and weight for the shipment of the package？ 
Is good for large cats ? 
Does the product come disassembled? 
Would this be sturdy enough for a 16lb cat? 
What is the height of the condo? 
Is this cat activity trees stable at the bottom? 
Is the ideal for fat cats? 
I have teyga clean/ dirty sign and i want to know if this fit. what are the dimension of this cat tree house ? 
Is this for kittens or cats? My cat is 10lbs 7 oz. Will he be able to fit in everything? Does this have to be anchored to the wall? 
Where do I buy replacement balls? 
IVERA on April 16, 2021Question:Replacement balls? 
Viene desarmado ? 
How much weight can the hammock hold? I have a fat cat 
Does this arrive assembled? 
outdoor use too? 
does this thing stink like chinese solvent or glue 
will this be enough room for two ragdolls? 
Do you sell just the scratching posts? My cats love this cat tree but the posts are tore up 
where can we order new scratching posts? 
How many scratch posts does this piece have? 
will a very active 8 weeks kitten enjoy This? (please try to answer From a very active 8 week kittens point of veiw) 
hOW WIDE IS IT? How longdoes it tae assemly? 
Has anyone's cat ever used the ladder? Mine really isn't much of a jumper, and she may actually need to use it. 
can we ignore a part while assembling to make it shorter? or we have to keep whole? 
has anyone know what to use to make it so it'snot so wobbly? 
Is this made well? Also is it sturdy and not wobbly? 
My cat is about 17lbs. Is this too small for him or would he be able to fit on those platforms? 
What are the measurements of the perches inside measurements ? 
Hello! Small brackets (L part) were missing in my order. Can you send them to me? 
What are the dimensions of the condo? I have a long adult cat. Thank you! 
If the hammock is optional, does that mean that you simply don't attach it when you're assembling the tree? 
Can I buy a cat tree that’s already put together 
Are you able to purchase a replacement basket? 
Are any parts of a machine washable? 
I like the unique design and i think it's fit to my teyga magnet clean/dirty. what is the size of the cat tree house? 
Is it good for huge cats 
Can I leave off the cat scratch thing, i.e., not attach it? 
Is the hammock optional? 
Do you think it's necessary to attach this to a wall? My cat weighs less that 7 pounds. 
We are wanting to get a maine coon cat, will this size tree work for this large a breed? 
I need instructions on what bolts go where. i didn’t receive any type of instructions. how can i get a copy so i can assemble correctly? 
The size of this condo? 
cardboard free? 
I need a cat condo that is pre assembled. Anyone? 
Is the base sturdy? My cat is about 18lbs full grown 
Is this item suitable for large cats (16-18 lbs)? 
Can replacement scratching posts be purchased separately? 
Does the superjare cat tree arrive fully assembled? 
Where is this cat tree made? 
Does it come with instructions? 
Does it come in 40 inch height 
What is the weight a cat can be to use this? 
Can I purchase replacement pieces? My older cat is too big for the perches and I’d like to replace one with a wider perch. 
Would anyone have a video of how to assemble this? 
How tall is this, You say it’s 37 an eighth and then you say it’s 47.5 which is it? 
How is this tree for extra "fluffy" cats? 
Would this be sturdy enough to put in a room that has thick carpet? 
What are the dimensions? 
What tools are required to assemble this? 
Where can I get parts? My cat tipped it over so many times the top board broke off. I need the plastic pieces,prolly several since the plastic will b 
what is the size of each of the 3 platforms? 
I have a 12 pound cat. Is this product good for a cat of his weight. 
Would this be best placed in a corner..due to the instabilty everyone is saying? Cause I have the perfect corner for it. 
in many parts come apart? could fit in a suitcase? 
how easy is it to assemble? 
Hi. I'd like to know the exact shipping weight of this product as I have a 20lb weight limitation on my orders. 
is it good for big cats 
Is this good for a fairly large cat? 
What is the diameter of the cats beds? 
Is there any way to purchase a single platform from the company (the top-most one broke off the 2nd day my cats used it)? 
Are Go Pet Club cat tree condos and products American made? 
what are the posts made of? 
How durable is this product? 
Did any of your cats actually used the ladder? 
Can someone who owns the tree could confirm that if it is really 50-inch wide (including the space that the ramp takes)? Or is it less than that? TY! 
My cat is a fatty (17lbs). He also thinks he is a gymnast (launches himself off of...everything). Will fattycat gymnastics be an issue? 
do you have the Armarkat A7202? 
Is it stable on carpet? 
Can anyone give me the link to the base cat tree ? The cat forest climbing tree. I cannot find it anywhere . 
How do we contact the seller? Is there a website? 
The description says the clear hammock only holds 5 kg, or 11 pounds. Is that really the limit? Do the shelves hold a heavy cat? 
What are the dimensions of the oval platforms? Can a 13lb cat fit comfortably? 
Can the 100.4 inch tree be lowered to fit a 96inch ceiling? 
My alcove ceiling is only 80 inches...what size should I buy? Thanks! 
Is one of the 5 posts supposed to be longer than the others? 
how big are the platforms? 
Is the wood finished or unfinished? Could you stain it a different color? 
Is it possible to make the pole without the platforms in between? 
How many transparent spaceship hammock it comes with? 
How much does this weigh? 
Any instructions or assembling guides inside? 
Does it come assembted ? 
Is this made from particle board or cardboard? 
What is the weight limit? 
Is this cat activity trees stable at the bottom? 
How big is the top platform? 
What is the height of the condo? 
How do you put this together? There are no insructions! 
Is it natural wood color or yellow as pictured? 
I have 3 cats, would it hold all of them? 
Hi. I have multiple cats and was wondering the weight this bridge holds? Thank you. 
How much weight will it hold? I have a heavy cat. 
How much weight will this hold? 
What is the max weight it will hold? 
Will i need a drill to install this, and will it hold a 20 lb cat? i'm getting a siberian forest cat. 
is there a weight limit for the bridge? 
Can this curve around a corner or can it only go straight across? 
can it be mounted from the ceiling? 
Does this come fully assembled? 
I bought one of these in the past and the rope coiling was 1/4" to 3/8"- diameter running up the poles. New ones have twine. How big is the rope now? 
Is this 62 inch high or 47.5 inches -- listing says both. -- Thanks 
How tall is the cat tree? 
I have a 17+ lb cat that's a jumper (well he tries to be). and has knocked over other cat trees. How sturdy is this? 
Do cats actually use that latter? It looks vertical and difficult to climb. 
Some reviews claim the opening to the house is too narrow for big cats. Anyone know the diameter ? My cat is 17 lbs , want to be sure he can fit. 
What do I need to assemble it... Is the platforms carpeted? 
Is the top tier suitable for a big heavy cat? 
I have a high window how far up in inches are each of the two perches? 
Is this made in the United States? 
I purchased a cat tree that had carpet directly on the wood. No cushioning at all! I see in a couple places it’s plush. What about the rest? 
In the picture, it shows the dimensions of the lower condo having about a 21" width. Is the back of the condo flush with the baseboard? 
I did not receive instructions with this product? Does someone have them that they can send. 
What are the posts made out of? 
two different sizes listed here in the specs - One says 40" tall, the other 58.3" tall - please help? 
Which? the picture & product linked for smoky gray description indicates beige & the beige picture has grey, which is which mpj020g , mpj020m? 
Can I change color to beige 
Is this good for big cats? 
Is this sturdy enough for an almost 20 lb ginormous orange tabby cat? 
The title says 61.5" but the item description says "16.90 x 16.90 x 40.50 inches" what are the dimensions of this cat tree? hey-bro 61.5" extra large 
I have multiple 20+lb cats, is this sturdy/big enough for them? 
What are the dimensions of the condo box? 
What is the total width and length of it? 
Can you buy replacement sisal posts? 
What is the country of origin? 
Are replacement fuzzy balls available? I sent an email with no reply. 
is this made from wood or cardboard? 
Would this be okay for a 10 month old, 9lb kitty? Just wanted a tower that doesn't fall part easily and of course for my kitty to enjoy. 
Can i buy replacement fuzzy balls? 
Do you have any cat trees with real carpet? 
Does this have to be anchored to a wall for safety purposes if the cats are rambunctious? 
Wat are the dimensions of the top bed? 
Is the recommended for small, medium or large cats? 
How tall Is it ? 
What size is the top platform? 
Is this cat tree pre assembled ? 
Is this cat tower pre assembled? 
What is the diameter of the circular bed? 
How tall does it stand fully built? 
I know the cactus is 43inches tall. How tall is it to the top perch? 
how tall is it? 
These wall mounts all move to the right. Can you switch the two landings so they move to the left? Are they interchangeable so the bridge way opposite 
Do the bowls hold up over time? My cats are 15 pounds… 
The color says green.. is the cat tree gray in color as in the picture or..! I’m confused? 
What is the inches available in the first shelf in floor? I want to put a litter box on it and need to know dimensions. 
Where is this shipped from? 
How big are the bowls 
Is there a way to get faster shipping 
What tools do I need to assemble this? 
How to do put the tree house together? My order didn’t come with instructions. 
Can the bowls be moved? So instead of sticking out they’re more under? 
Can you order xlarge hammock beds instead ones on the cat tree now? 
Is there a place to buy replacement scratching posts for the bottom? 
I am in need of parts for a fish and nap model # us-fish-06mi. can you help? 
how tall is it? 
What are the dimensions of the top bed? 
Do you have to attach the basket? Or can you assemble it without the hanging basket? 
My cat is 10 or around 10 lbs. Would this work for her? 
What are the dimensions of the bed on top? 
What are the overall dimensions of the condo part only please? 
Is there a link to the instruction manual? Mine did not come with any instructions 
What is the size of the basket? 
where can i find the assembly instructions online? 
I ordered this and I'm missing literally the other m8x80mm screw like come on 
What is the cat’s weight limit for each basket? 
Is it stable on carpet? 
Can anyone give me the link to the base cat tree ? The cat forest climbing tree. I cannot find it anywhere . 
How do we contact the seller? Is there a website? 
The description says the clear hammock only holds 5 kg, or 11 pounds. Is that really the limit? Do the shelves hold a heavy cat? 
What are the dimensions of the oval platforms? Can a 13lb cat fit comfortably? 
Can the 100.4 inch tree be lowered to fit a 96inch ceiling? 
My alcove ceiling is only 80 inches...what size should I buy? Thanks! 
Is one of the 5 posts supposed to be longer than the others? 
how big are the platforms? 
Is the wood finished or unfinished? Could you stain it a different color? 
Is it possible to make the pole without the platforms in between? 
How many transparent spaceship hammock it comes with? 
Would anyone recommend this kitty condo for a senior 3 legged cat? 
What is the meaduremnts 
What are the dimensions of the top perches (multi-platform style)? 
I ordered the multi platform and I cannot get the “house” to attach to the leg through the platform. Do I need to go buy a new bolt or any suggestio? 
Can you purchase a replacement base piece? 
Will the beds fit an adult cat(15 lbs)? 
can be the box disassembled? 
I need a replacement cat tree, top-platform cover. Is it possible to purchase one anywhere? I guess the answer is still "no"? 
are replacement posts available for this tree? 
Can anyone tell me how high off the ground the top shelf is and how high off the ground the base of the cube is? Thank you 
What is the diameter of the two circular beds? 
I’ve got a real chonki boy. Is this this sturdy enough for a 20+ lb’er? 
My cat loves the tree! but she has freyed and messed up the scratching post. my question is can that be replaced? like can we buy replacement parts? 
How do I attatch the little fuzzy ball on a string to the cat tree? 
What are dimensions of the box? 
How deep is the cat cubby as I like to call it? 
are there different ways to build it because the customer images seem to show different cat trees? 
Is it big enough for an 18lb cat? 
What is the size of the scratch board? 
Where can I find replacement parts? More specifically, the legs with the scratching rope and carpet around them.. 
Is there a maximum capacity or weight limit for the basket/hammock part? 
How much to put it together? 
Are the covers washable? 
Does it need to be assembled? 
What is the size of the opening to the box? 
is the second landing big enough for food and water bowl? my dog gets into the cat food bowl. 
how big is the top platform 
Is the box part made of wood 
Do you have to attach the middle shelf? I want to put it behind a chair so the cat could use the chair to get to the top ledge. 
What are the size of the post? 
How do you put this together? There are not instructions, and I'm thinking of just returning this. It is very frustrating. 
How tall is the tree 
Has anyone else had problems with this thing falling over? I've had to take the top tier off because it's so off balance my medium size cat has tipp 
how tall? 
how tall is it? 
How much weight can the baskets hold? Can a 16lb kitty sit in it without worry? 
can the cat houses be anchored in a different place 
What is the return policy for this item? 
Can the basket be put anywhere or does it have to go in that specific spot? 
Can I buy replacement scratching posts ? 
What are the dimensions of the top perches? 
How do cats get from the 2nd to the 3rd level if the 3rd level is directly above the 2nd level & the 3rd level sticks out as far as the 2nd?? 
Are the padded beds removable? 
Will this stay stable with 3 medium sized cats? 
Can the ramp be placed on the side instead of the front? (or entirely removed) 
Is there a way to order a replacement for the top cushion? 
Can I buy a pillow for the bed? 
Does anyone know the dimension of the top perch? Is it larger than 14". The one I have now is 12" and my cat hangs over it.. 
I just recieved this cat tower in gray. extremely frustrated as it did not come with instructions! now what? 
I am missing the hole on the top board to hang the dangling ball. Any suggestions ? 
How does cat get to the top perch? Does she have to jump from the ground? Or can she jump from the top of the middle cube? Big enough for large cat? 
Is it sturdy ? should it be anchored to the wall ? 
Does board B confuse anyone else? The holes don't match up with the ones on A? 
Does the top bed have a removable/ washable cushion? 
Es desarmable? 
Whats the weight limit ? My cat weights around 20lb 
My cat has destroyed the 23" scratching post. Is there replacement parts ? I would hate to have to buy another house because of that one post. 
Is there sisal wrapped around the poles or is it all carpet? 
Why does the picture shown not match the previous customers submitted photographs? 
Is this tree study. I have two cats and one loves to climb 
Would this be a good tree for a large cat? 
Can you tell me what the dimensions of the two top posts that the cat would lay on? Thanks 
This is a great cat tree but after five years it needs tightening. What size Allen wrench do I need to tighten it? 
what are the dimensions of the bed on top? 
Is the color of the sisal wrap white or tan? 
Is the post (under the rope) a cardboard tube, or a wooden post? Thanks. 
Forte scratching post... Does anyone know the size/thread of the screws?? 
Help with order 
Are the 2 pillows detachable and washable in the Scout model? 
How much assembly is required for this scratching post? 
When will the camelot cat trees come back? its exactly what i want, and nobody makes anything even close to it. i'm so sad. 
Resort cat tower.. pros and cons? 
Are the top and bottom halves of the post interchangeable? Tall cats would only use the top half - would get more use if could swap top and bottom. 
What is the height from the bottom to the tier with the hole in it? 
How wide is the hole on the third level? 
Where was this product manufactured? 
Would it be possible to put a litter pan in the bottom section? (My dog is gross and eats cat poop). 
how tall is it? 
Good for large cats? My cat weighs about 15 lbs and is LONG and TALL. 
What is the height differences between perches? I have a great tree but last perch getting too high for 18 year old cat. 
how big is the high seat? 
I would like to know how high off the ground the tallest shelf is? 
how high is the top platform? 
My ceiling is 11’ tall. I wonder if there is anyone who bought two of this and assemble them together to get a taller one? Will it be possible/safe? 
How tall is the actual post? Without the tension rod part. 
Could this item fit 7ft ceilings? 
Would this work in a room where the ceiling is sloped or slanted? Thanks! 
How do I cut the top down to fit 7 foot ceiling? The top tube that has the spring in it. 
Is there a way to make this cat tree more sturdy? It is wobbly when my cat climbs on it. 
What are the dimensions of each of the levels? 
Does anyone know if replacement parts are available? The piece that connects my poles have broken :( 
Is the color "tan"? Some friends received these and they were blue, but I need "Tan". 
Instrucciones de montaje no incluidas 
Can the basket hammock and top tier bed covers be removed for washing? 
I know the basket is small & meant for kittens, but will the top fit a grown, 12 lb. cat? (i like the 36" height because that is my window height.) 
What is the basket's ring made out of? 
Can you replace the scratch board? 
Does this fit a large cat? 
Cat condo actual Height is? 
Need help assembling? 
Measurements of beds? 
My cat tree arrived without the hardware that should have been included—can this be sent to me? 
Does anyone know the width or dimensions of the bed up top? Thanks! 
Does this product have free returns? 
Where is this tower manufactured? 
Where are these cat trees made and shipped from? 
Has anyone replaced the poorly made parts with the us-made feline design columns, or did you just purchase another cheap cat tree? 
I have a 17 pound blue Siamese. I’m not sure if he would fit in on the perches? Help! 
The posts are not particle board, but rather, are cardboard and were quickly destroyed. Does the company replace the tubes? 
Can the balls with the bells be removed and replaced with quieter balls? This will be near our bedroom. Plus do you recommend this product? 
How do you buy replacement parts? I’d like to replace the post on the tallest pedestal. 
I need a cat tree that is 40" high do you have any 
Will this work for larger cats, like 14 lbs? 
Is it possible to order replacement scratch posts from the vendor? 
had this for year now, my cat used it, recently she stopped using it because the lower plush platform became unstable, what's your suggestion to fix? 
How do i get a replacement screw for one that is missing? 
How to put mmjo8 together i didn’t get a manual 
There weren’t any instructions with my order. How do I get a copy of the instructions? 
Could i reorder just the screws that come with this particular tower? 
Is it coated in formaldehyde? We got it and it smells like formaldehyde and has the slimy feeling you get with that coating. 
Package arrived without hardware or instructions. How do I get the hardware and instructions? 
can the lower tier piece be replaced 
The cat tree came with no directions. Where can I find directions? 
I have two one yo cats (part Maine coon & part domestic medium cat) one weighs 15# & other weighs 10#. will this hold them as they grow? 
In the instructions book, on the next to last page with the assembly letter H. How do you assemble it? 
Can multie cats use this? 
Is it detachable? Does it come in its box? How tall and heavy is the box? 
Is this best for kittens or can adult cat use it? 
Can you replace the bottom scratch post? 
How heavy of a cat will the basket hold? 
Can the basket be turned in tword the center of the condo? So its not sticking out so far? I have limitied space. 
How to you assemble H? 
Is this sturdy enough for a kitty who loves to use the scratching posts? 
How well do the scratching posts hold up? 
I need the height from the floor to the bottom edge of enclosed condo. Thanks. 
What is the height from the floor to the ledge of condo. I need it to fit at window ledge. Thanks. 
I am reading description that the cat upper platform is an ample 15.35 x 20.47 in. Why would the review written about it is too small for her 6 mo ?! 
Where is this made? 
How can I get two replacement parts for it without having to return the whole thing? Thank you! 
Before I throw it outside, how do you get S1 to bolt into C3 successfully and tightly????????? 😡😡😡 
Is this a true dark gray or a bluish gray? 
Instructions to set up 
How can I get a set of instructions for this cat tree? We don't have the original any longer. Need to try and re-afix the severely leaning perch. 
Will I be able to attach more pieces in the future? 
can the hammock be twisted in? 
There are no instructions with the cat tree, do they not send any? it would be very helpful to have print instructions. 
Is there a weight limit ? 
Can the ramp be installed on the other side by the other condo opening? 
I have a 9 pound cat and a 15 pound cat. Will this work for them both? 
Is it made up of wood or cadboard? 
From the ground up to the large 'house', how tall is that? 
what kind of screws come with the cat tower? 
In my apartment we can't have pets, so is the box inconspicuous enough that you can't tell what's inside? 
Is the material on this carpet, or plush/'fur-like'? 
How much weight can this hold at one time? I have 8 cats each weighing anywhere btwn 10-20#s. Is it sturdy? 
What are the post made of? I have a tree and the posts are cardboard tubes that eventually tear on the ends. 
I have a savannah kitten and am looking for a sturdy tree. I've noticed this one doesn't push against the ceiling will it be sturdy enough? 
Is the house solid walls or fabric stretched over skeleton frame? 
How do you think this would hold up against 2 very large (15 pounds) very active cats? 
Will it hold a 40+ pound cat? 
Is the base run 30in in both directions against the wall and 45in deep from the corner? Or is it 30in along the wall one way and 45in in another? 
Is the base actually designed to be put into a corner or can it sit flush against a wall? 
What are the dimensions for placement of the hardware? 
What are the front opening measurements? 
What is the weight? 
Do you sell just the hammock part separately? I bought this 3 months ago and my kitties have made a hole in the bed 
What size are the screws? M8 or M10? 
How large is the one with two post and hammock? I have limited space but tired of single post falling over. 
Are the replacement toys (the fluffy white ball) available somewhere? 
How much can it hold? I love my cat, but he weighs around 20lb or a bit more.. 
Does this come assembled? 
What's the maximum cat size/weight that the hammock will accommodate? Mine is 17 lbs, loves hammocks but can't find one big enough. 
Is the cat included? 
Does this come in a lot of pieces? Would be easy to disassemble and reassemble if moving to a new home? 
I know it can be used for both, but do kitties usually use this more for play or for sleeping? Don’t want it to be too cozy, my cat sleeps in my bed! 
Can a 5 pound full size cat fit in this? 
Do they have an equivalent of something cute like this for larger, "fat" cats? My cat is so cute and spoiled this would be perfect for her! 
what are the measurements of the round castle top and can you get to the top of the castle from the inside of the bottom part? is the ramp sturdy? 
I bought this not realizing it was for small cats. Can my 11 pound cat get stuck in it? 
How much this castle weight? I need to know for the importations cost. Thank you. 
How tall is the bed part on the sisal post? 
Is this good for larger cats or only small cats and kittens??? 
I have 2 adult cats (9 lbs. and 14 lbs.). Is this structure an apropriat size for adult cats, or only for kittens? 
What are the dimensions of the bed on top of the post to the right of the castle? 
Can ferrets use it ????? 
Do any of the materials (glues, finishes, etc.) off-gas any vocs? formaldehyde, etc. 
I'm moving into a new house. Can the wood be stained before I assemble it to allow it to blend in with other furniture? 
What are the base measurement? 
What's inside the perch that is soft? Is it possible to remove it for cleaning? 
Will cat pee soak into the wood? 
Can this be outside or is it only for indoor use? 
what are the posts made out of (wood, cardboard, plastic?) 
Has anyone tried used this outside in a catio? 
How strong is the pine scent? 
Does this cat stand have dreaded carpet? 
Will this hold a 25+ lb cat on any of its perches? 
What is the height of the first landing? I have a senior cat that is having more difficulty climbing. 
mine is missing the assembly instructions. are the instructions anywhere online? 
I know they don't sell replacement scratching posts, but has anyone had luck buying one elsewhere? If yes, which one did you buy? 
Is this ok to use outside? 
Is it hard to put together? 
Would this withstand being outdoors? 
Is the material waterproof? 
Do you have a video step by step how to put together? 
Is there any add-ons? sorry previous question worded wrong 
Can you buy replacement scratching posts 
Is this ideal for larger cats? 
Is it easy to fold and put away? 
Does this come with extra poles in the case that you do not want to attach the scratching post? 
Is there a warranty for this product? 
I read that the inside of the condos do not have carpet attached. Is this correct and if so why? 
How much does this weigh? 
What is the height of second condo from the top? 
The basket that shows the car curled up, can you please tell me what the diameter is? 
Does it wobble or shake if two large 16 pounds and 20 pounds cats go bat shit crazy and run and climb if kept in the middle of the room without walls? 
Can I make 2 smaller trees with this? I don’t want to make it so tall 
When will the one beige be available? 
Can the basket/hammock be attaces to the other side? The answer to a similar question was not very clear. 
Is it possible to purchase replacement parts due to wear and tear? Specifically a post and platform? Trying to avoid replacing the whole structure to 
Is the tube holding up top platform is made of wood or cardboard? 
Platform size? 
My cat is about 7.5-8lbs; will he fit in the condos? 
How close to teal is the color of this? the description says dark green but the pictures look very much teal. 
What is this made out of? Real carpet? Wooden base? 
What is the height of this tree 
Is this cat tree made in china like most of the cat trees here? has anyone bought this and replaced its posts with us replarmfs posts? 
No instructions and no picture?? could u make it a little easier by at least sending a picture with it crazy? 
How do you even put this cat tree together? Instructions aren't clear. 
The color appears more purplish to me. Is it just grey or with tint of purple? 
Is it going to work for a larger cat? 12lb 
Is the faux fur durable enough to withstand the cats scratching and clawing it? 
Can I buy the ball seperately? My kitten loved the ball and i need to get a replacement for it 
Is there a way to anchor this to the wall? 
How big is the top platform? 
Does the cat tree come with the tools necessary to assemble it? 
What are the dimensions of the 2 top perches and the condo? 
The 3rd tier of mine is upholstered on the wrong side. The holes line up perfectly when flipped over. Amazon is blocking reviews for it. Help!? 
Weight capacity of perches? 
How thick is the sisal? 
How long does this actually last? 
I am missing a double screw. How can I get one? 
Is this for cats or kittens? What is the cat weight limit for the top resting areas please? 
Is it possible to purchase replacement columns? 
how tall is it? 
Can you secure this to the wall? 
Can a large 18lb cat fit comfortably? 
Is the hammock detachable? 
Are the hummock and material(carpet? cushion?) inside the box detachable / washable?? 
Weight capacity of hammock? 
My ceiling is about 10.5 feet tall, and I was wondering if there is a way to purchase separate pieces to add onto it to make it taller? 
Will this work with a popcorn ceiling? 
Any creative people successfully shortened the height? We need it to be 7-8" shorter 
How big is the round hammock part? is it like the one on the trixie pet product baza cat trees? 
What screws and/or bolts are needed for the top scratching post and the part that is touching the ceiling? I lost them moving. 
The description says the height can be adjusted to 102-106". Does this mean it only fits 9' ceilings? I have an 8' ceiling, so it will not work? 
My ceiling is slanted. Would I still be able to affix it to the ceiling? 
Is there a way to purchase a replacement wall bracket and mounting sticker? I mistakenly positioned the tree a bit off-kilter. 
I was thinking of getting this for my basement, but the ceiling is only 6ft. Do you think this will fit? 
Do you have to afix this item to the ceiling?? I have very very tall ceilings (way higher than the tree) will this tree work for me? 
I live in an apartment and need to avoid huge holes. How big are the holes created by the wall mountings? 
In the questions it mentions drilling into ceiling or wall, but the photos show a pressure type system with no drilling, is drilling a hole required? 
How many cats can this cat tower hold? I have multiple cats. 
What tools are needed to put this together? 
What is the depth of the base plate alone (not including the ladder)? 
Is the bottom of the cat condo supposed to be all wood? When I look at other images it shows a plush side but my order had only a solid wood piece 
How hard is this to assemble? 
Is the material lining the platforms and stuff durable when cats scratch it? The tree I have now sheds like crazy. 
Mine is also missing half of the hardware (parts a-f). i triple checked, including the posts and manual. am i able to get these? 
Can the cushions be taken out to washed in the machine? 
Is this tree supposed to come with the cat condo? 
Is this cat activity trees stable at the bottom? 
Mine didn’t have manual of instruction is tgere somewhere online to look if a you tube video ? 
What about the weight capacity? My cat is pushing 28lbs. lol 
Exactly how big is the base? 
dimensions of top bed? 
This is the second time ordering this cat tree on amazon and both shipments had parts a and b missing from box. i just need those sent. 
Is the bed on top removable to wash? 
Does this item require assembly? 
My mom bought this and it was delivered without any hardware to put it together. Who/how can I co tact to resolve this? Her cats are really excited:) 
Could a 12 lb cat (sturdy tomcat, not pudgy) with a cone fit inside the cubbyhole? 
Is the paper rope messy, like cardboard scratchers? 
can this be kept outside? 
Is there a larger version of this? I will keep this one but my cats do not fit inside the bottom. The materials are perfect for scratching. 
Came with no directions for assembly?? 
What is the max weight this can handle, my cat is 18 pounds? 
How high once assembled? 
Where can I get replacement post? The the rope is all shredded? 
Would three hammock hold a 14 pound cat? Thanks 
Can the bottom platform that sticks out be excluded during installation? 
Why does it only come with one black ring for one of the 3 box holes and not for all of them? 
Will this work for 12!pound cat 
After looking at the reviews has there been improvements to producing this cat tree ? 
I have teyga clean/ dirty sign and i want to know if this fit. what are the dimension of this cat tree house ? 
What is the height from the floor to the first landing please? 
Is this suitable for a 10 lb + cat? 
Does it easy to build together? 
How long is this? 
Would my 16 lb cat be able to fit in the cubbies? How large are the openings? 
How do I order replacement parts for this cat tree? 
My cat is about 13 pounds. Will this tower be okay for him? 
I have 3 cats and they are 2 our about 6 months old and one is 2 years old they are really big is this ok for them? 
What size are the 2 enclosed cat condos? 
wish i could buy replacement parts as they wear, is this possible? 
How big is the bed on top? 
Can you send me instructions? They didn't come in the package. 
What is the return policy? 
I don’t understand step 16. Any idea what to do with that white strap at the end? 
I usually place my cat tree in front of window. Is this sturdy enough if not bolted to the wall?? 
What is the height to bottom of the tunnel? 
Has anyone modified it so your cat could reach the top? Just received and my cat cannot maneuver herself to the top. 
My cat loves the top perch but the post is not plumb and I am afraid it will fall over. What can I do? 
What is the height from the top of the first step to the floor? 
Is there a way to anchor this tree to the wall for stability? 
What is the dimension of the base? Is it different than the overall? 
What's the diameter of the top rest? 
How hard is it for a larger cat, @14 pounds to get to the top perch? My 2 Cats are 12 years old 
What are the dimensions of the individual platforms? Are they large enough to support a 20lb maine coon? 
What are the measurements of the perches on this 
How sturdy is it? 
Does your cat enjoy the cat tree? 
Is this easy to assemble for a person who isn't particularly handy? 
Can anyone tell me how to put it together, please? 
How wide at its widest? Not the base. 
Can I order individual pieces to replace one that has been damaged? 
Is these cat activity trees stable at the bottom? 
Is the color of the sisal wrap white or tan? 
Is the post (under the rope) a cardboard tube, or a wooden post? Thanks. 
Forte scratching post... Does anyone know the size/thread of the screws?? 
Help with order 
Are the 2 pillows detachable and washable in the Scout model? 
How much assembly is required for this scratching post? 
When will the camelot cat trees come back? its exactly what i want, and nobody makes anything even close to it. i'm so sad. 
Resort cat tower.. pros and cons? 
Are the top and bottom halves of the post interchangeable? Tall cats would only use the top half - would get more use if could swap top and bottom. 
What is the height from the bottom to the tier with the hole in it? 
How wide is the hole on the third level? 
Where was this product manufactured? 
Is the cat tree already put together?? 
Is it big enough for a20lb cat? 
Can the balls come out of the puzzle box after assembly? 
Would it be sturdy enough for a 20-lb cat to have it's way with it? 
Does the mouse toy make a sound when being played with? How good is that rope? Would it be able to hold the weight of an adult cat? 
what is the height of each of the perches? 
Hello is it ok for a large male maine coon ? 
Is there anywhere I can buy replacement posts for this? 
Where can I get more of the balls for the iq box? 
What material are the busy boxes made of? 
How high up is the level with the food bowl? 
Does this really take 1 - 2 months to ship, as it says on product page? 
Is the cat tree stable? Does it tip over? 
What are the sizes of the two perches for model SF060? 
Does the bottom sit flat against the wall or at an angle? 
What is the hgt of the bttm rnd platform? i have older cat that cant jump betwn tall spaces...she can jump shorter spaces! 
My other tree from this store had a wall anchor piece. Does this one come with it? I have 4 cats so I want stability. 
How wide is this at it's widest point? The base dimensions are given but it looks as though the platforms go out a ways from the base. 
What are the posts made out of. the last i bought was cardboard with coverings. definitely not suitable for outdoors. is this suitable for outdoors? 
How wide and long is the tunnel ? 
How do the "vines" hold up? I have a 6 month old ripper/tugger. He's successfully pulled all feathers and attachments off my existing tree. 
I've read a lot of bad reviews....wondering if it is worth the money? 
Is this cat tree stable enough for multiple cats? I am thinking about getting a shelter cat and a persian and am looking for something stable for them 
How do I find replacement parts for cat trees? 
Reviews say wobbly or sturdy - is the wobbly because not put together well? Or can you do something to make it more sturdy? 
Would all the components of this cat tree be usable by a 16lbs and up cat? Would the tree also be able to hold that weight and not be shaky? 
What is the measurement in inches of the bottom open space between the inside of scratching post and inside of the condo support posts? 
Is this made in America? 
Hello. What is the shipping dimensions of this product? I need the shipping dimensions, not the product dimensions, please :) 
Can this be built "mirrored" such that the cat house portion is on the left side with the opening still facing forward? 
Is the bottom platform wood or covered in material? 
Is this returnable? 
Can you buy replacement scratching posts 
Could i attatch a hammock? 
Was there a noticeable odor when you first received this item? Thank you in advance for any help. 
Am I able to return this if it is too small for my cat? 
Is this gig enough for a 16 lb cat? 
is this suitable for a 20 lb cat? 
How hard is this to put together? 
What is the weight limit my cat weighs 17 pounds will it hold him?? 
what are the dimensions of the top perch? 
How tall is the tree assembled? You just have the packaged dimensions listed. 
What is the “depth” measurement of the base? 
Hi ! How can I get an extra cushion for the top , please ?! 
How large is the top? My cats are heavy. The one I have now top is 12 by 17 inches. 
just received this but mine didn’t come with an instruction manual. How am I suppose to put it together? 
What are the dimensions of the top platform? 
Could this work for a rabbit? 
I received my package and it has a prop65 warning for risk of exposure to formaldehyde. Any more info on this? I don’t want to open the box now 
Can the top platform be on the left or right? The images show it on both sides. 
Where is this made? 
Is this the picture we're going with? Just...like...I love it. Made my day. :) 
Does it smell? the wood? 
A lot of reviews make this product sound super tiny. Is it not big enough for a full grown slightly chonky kitty? 
Is this good for large cats? … i have a mainecoon mix who’s about 22” or so long 
What tools will you need to assemble them? Is it too difficult? 
Does this cat gym smell when it's opened? 
What is the dimensions of the top platform? What is the dimensions of.the platform that the condo is on? 
The pictures are a bit confusing as to what color the grey is. Is it a very light grey or a darker grey? I’ve seen both in the pictures. Thanks! 
Is this item going to come back into stock in light grey? I've been told multiple times yes to no avail. Please advise. 
My new rescue is kind of "fluffy." 15 lbs. Will she be able to fit inside the tube area and the box area? 
What are the dimensions of the condo? 
What are the dimensions of the bed on the top?? 
Is the condo really 6.6inches by 5inches? It can't possibly that small right? Or is that the hole size? I want the full condo size 
What is the dimensions of the house part? 
Will this support the weight of a Maine Coon? He’s 19lbs now but he’s only 1 and has two more years of growing to do 
how tall is this item?? 
where is it made 
On the v-high base, how many inches is it from the base to the bottom of the cube? 
The reported dimensions in the descriptions seem completely off. What are the actual dimensions of the base? 
How tall is the v high base model? we are looking for a very tall cat tree. 
Can I buy replacement tubes 
Was this made in China? 
What is the length of the poles to the first platform? The length to the cube? The length to the top platform? 
How tall is it? 
Is the rope made of sisal? 
Can I please get the deminsions of the perches and the box? For V high base. Thank you. 
i want to use this for fostering kit 
how can i get directions for setup? 
Why are overall dimensions much larger than base dimensions? Is it just the ramp is included in overall dimensions? Want to be sure size of base. 
Do the cats ever really use the hammock part? 
Are there any replacement parts for this product? Specifically the scratching posts. 
Does this product have replacement parts? 
Is this tree just for kittens or can an adult cat use it? 
How is the ramp held on ? 
When cats scratch the cat tower's post, will it break the rope? 
What's the size of the top perch? My cat is fat. 
What material does the plush covering use? 
My cat is very sensitive, is there any special smell of the cat tower? 
Can cats scratch the posts? 
Can the cat tree be used outdoors? 
What size are the screws used? 
Will the cat tower topple over easily？My cat is about 7-8 pounds. 
Is this cat tower suitable for my 17-pound cat？ 
Can the platform hold two cats? 
Can the plush of the cat tree be removed? How to clean it? 
Does the cat tree have an installation video for reference? 
Is there any tips for how to install the condo? 
Is there space for a cat to turn around? I want them to be able to exit the shelf the same side they enter from. 
Does anyone have a picture of the brackets and/or installation? I'm not clear on how these attach to the wall. 
I want to install this under a window. if centered, i won’t be able to mount this on studs. can i use anchors? 
Is there fabric material (for cats to grip) on the top-face of the shelf? 
Would this shelf be large enough to fit a cat and a feeder dish? 
How deep are these shelves? is there a weight capacity? i have a 20lb miane coon. 
Has anyone had a problem with a cat tipping over when scratching or being unstable? Thanks! 
Is this shipped in a box that says Amazon on it? I want it to be a surprise for someone with their first kitty. 
Is it easy to put together? 
What is the return policy for this item? 
They kitty towers are super wobbly, is there a fix for that? 
My american shorthair kitten doesn't use this tree much. How do i get her more interested in this vs my furniture? 
Would this be a good cat tree for an american shorthair kitten? 
What is the height from the base to the bottom of the house? Is it tall enough for a grown cat to stretch up and claw on the post, stretching? 
The 3 "branches" with the hanging balls - are they rigid or bendable? Would you think it could be a risk for them to jump into and get hurt? Can the branch things be left off without adversely affecting the rest? 
What is the diameter of the two cat beds at the top? 
what is the weight limit? 
I have two cats-13 lb and 20 lb. Would this be big enough for them or what would be? 
What is the size of the box with the hole? 
Does anybody have declawed cats using this tree? 
How big is the box it's delivered in? 
Are the cats comfortable on the bare wood? I do not want carpet, but was hoping a small mat/pad could be securely attached to provide more comfort. 
Is there a way to place the bottom box "house" more towards the top? 
Why wouldn't you use a furnature anchor to brace it tight against a wall? 
What is the size of the base? From the photos, it does not appear to be 14" x 49", as listed. 
can it be used on a large covered front porch? 
What is the thickness of the wood boards? 
How strong is the wood scent? Does it dissipate over time? 
Is the height 89” from the base all the way to the top of the house? Also, is it too wobbly, or still stand with one 13-14 pound Norwegian forest cat? 
4 CATS - None under 18 pounds - will this product hold up to, say, 3 at a time boxing each other for top floor? It's what I hoped for if it works. 
What are the posts made of? 
Does your cat love this? 
Width of poles? 
Do you have to screw it to the floor in order not to fall over? 
